NMS-14617: Quick Start: Set up a Threshold (#5268)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/thresholds/thresh-group.adoc

* juniper-srx
* netsnmp-memory-linux
* netsnmp-memory-nonlinux
* opennms-jvm-jvx

> You can edit an existing group (through the UI) or create a new one (in the `thresholds.xml` file located in `$OPENNMS_HOME/etc/thresholds.xml`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can edit an existing group (through the web UI) or create a new one (in `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/thresholds.xml`).
```

> Once you create the group, you can then define it in the `thresholds.xml` file or in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you create a group, you can then define it in `thresholds.xml` or in the UI.
```

This procedure creates a threshold group called "demo_group":

> . Type the following in the `thresholds.xml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Open `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/thresholds.xml` and add the following line of code:
```

+
[source, xml]
----
<group name="demo_group" rrdRepository="/opt/opennms/share/rrd/snmp/">
</group>
----

> . Switch to the UI, go to the threshold screen, and click *Reload Threshold Configuration*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in to the web UI, click the *Gear* symbol in the top-right of the screen, and choose menu:Performance Measurement[Configure Thresholds].
```

+
The group you created should appear in the UI.

> . Click *Edit* to edit the group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Edit* next to the group's name to modify it.
```

> The following is a sample of how the threshold appears in the `thresholds.xml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a sample of how the threshold appears in `thresholds.xml`:
```

* juniper-srx
* netsnmp-memory-linux
* netsnmp-memory-nonlinux
* opennms-jvm-jvx

You can edit an existing group (through the web UI) or create a new one (in `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/thresholds.xml`).
Once you create the group, you can then define it in the `thresholds.xml` file or in the UI.

This procedure creates a threshold group called "demo_group":

. Open `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/thresholds.xml` and add the following line of code:
+
[source, xml]
----
<group name="demo_group" rrdRepository="/opt/opennms/share/rrd/snmp/">
</group>
----

> . Log in to the web UI, click the *Gear* symbol in the top-right of the screen, and choose menu:Performance Measurement[Configure Thresholds].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in to the web UI, and click the *Gear* symbol in the top-right of the screen.
. Under Performance Measurement, click *Configure Thresholds*.
```

</group>
-----
<1> The name of the group and the directory of the stored data.

> <2> The details of the threshold including type, data source type, threshold value, re-arm value, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> The details of the threshold, including type, data source type, threshold value, re-arm value, and so on.
```
